asiana21-DOCSUP-925-max_parser_depth (#132)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 256 KiB.

## max\_parser\_depth {#max_parser_depth}

> Specifies the maximum recursion depth of recursive descent parser to control stack size and work with deep queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limits maximum recursion depth in the recursive descent parser. Allows to control stack size.
```

> **Possible values**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible values:
```

- Positive integer.

> - 0 — Unlimited parser depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 0 — Recursion depth is unlimited.
```
